The best mod that starts with Z (I guarantee or your money back)! Zylon is a small terraria mod full of slimes, blowpipes, and much much more!

THIS MOD IS IN SEVERE NEED OF SPRITERS. If you are a fan of the mod and want to sprite, feel free to join the discord server!

Stats:
~268 Items
~2 Bosses: (0 worm bosses! I'm not THAT lazy!)
~~~2 Prehardmode Bosses
~~~An unobtainable joke boss (best boss ever made)
~42 total NPCs
~1 Town NPC
~35 Buffs
~10 Tiles
~A complete reworking and expansion of blowpipes!
~Many new vanilla recipes and changes to help balance the game out (including an easier Slime Crown recipe).
~Several new prefixes!

V0.0.1: Update
~Added Sparkly Slimecutter, Sparkly Slimeshooter, Sparkly Slimeballer, Sparkly Slimewhipper, Sparkly Slimebasher, and Sparkly Slimecaster. Try saying that five times fast!
~Fixed Slimebasher not inflicting Slimed on other players.
~Fixed spelling error in Determination Breaker's tooltip.
~Added masks and trophies for ADD and Jelly.
~Boss checklist now displays trophies, masks, and master mode drops.

Q&A:

Q: What's the theme of the mod?
A: What are you, an English teacher? Shut up. The theme of the mod is that I don't care about themes.

Q: Why are you returning?
A: I didn't want to leave the game with a bad taste in my mouth, and I played the game again and it was super fun, and then ideas began to fill my head, and you can see where this went. Also, a couple people asked me to rejoin.

Q: Is the original content going to come back?
A: Some of it, yes, though I will probably remake it to fit 1.4. Sadly, the Ember Glades are most likely not going to return for a good while for complicated reasons.

Q: Is the original team going to return?
A: I can't read minds. People can rejoin if they want to. As of writing this, most of the major dev team returned (to my surprise), though most of them are busy now.

Q: Where is the discord server?
A: It should appear as the mod homepage.

Credits (from the previous mod versions and now):
Owner:
BraycoeYT

Ideas, Sprites, Music, and General Support:
Skymanisbtman
Tome Man
Mjoon
Slimelad
Pufferfisher77
HBDeus
Funk.It
CrazySapling1
Koolaidlemonade
ULTIMATEDQVID

Minor Help:
Jabon
Ebon
Juice/Slayer
Mr.Gerd26
STiML